Xiao Xi, what are you going to do? What's wrong with you?
Shenxi, right? Congratulations, I'm already practicing.
Dad, I'm fine, I don't have a choice,
If you knew, I would have thought you hadn't done it yet.
Will you be happy?
That's good, the conditions are the same,
Aben is not always there, there is a deteriorated chassis,
He needs to have surgery as soon as possible, otherwise,
It will definitely be life-threatening.
In other words, how could it be so serious?
The operation does not cost 1 million, so you should do it as soon as possible.
Jia Naran, then Xi Jin, Xiao Xi, everything is okay
Mr. Ah was discharged from the hospital. Please help.
I have helped you so much
You can't be discharged from the hospital. Don't worry, I can take care of you.
She's the Gu family's daughter-in-law. In front of her is
I'll figure it out